# Networking notes

## Content

This repo is a part of my personal notes, gathered during my overall networking studies.

Note! None of those notes were generated by AI. They all come from my personal, manual notes and real studies.

## Limitations

I am a big fan of Obsidian, so all notes include some additional meta data. You can use them in your own Obsidian notes or ignore them.

Since I usually transform my notes to mindmaps, some markdown lists contain additional formatting, so it's easier for my python script to make appropriate decisions while creating plantuml diagrams.

## Disclaimer

The notes gathered in this repo are NOT sponsored by, endorsed by or affiliated with Cisco Systems, Inc, nor any other vendor or legal entity.

All logos and terms included or mentioned in this repo, known to be trademarks or service marks, belong to their appropriate right owners.

This repo is not a complete study reference. It is just a series of the author’s personal notes, gathered during various exams preparations, and during further studies. All effort has been made to make this repo as precise and correct as possible, but no warranty is implied. All exam candidates are strongly encouraged to prepare themselves using other comprehensive study materials like official vendor's documentation, relevant books or trainings. The autor of this repo takes no responsibility, nor liability to any person or entity with respect to loss of any information or failed tests or exams arising from the information contained in this repo.
